Briefing
"Well, that went south quite fast. With us compromised and the NATO bridgehead on the north-western island not being fully operational yet, this entire campaign is at severe risk of turning into a clusterfuck out of proportion. NATO survivers dug in at the airfield, desperately trying to keep CSAT off until reinforcements arrive. The enemy doubled down on its COIN efforts by bringing in fresh ground troops and equipment. To make it worse, CSAT fighter jets are running sorties almost 24/7, mostly against the HDF - Tanoan national guard. Meanwhile, for some reason, CSAT's ship-based artillery started enganging targets in and around the capital. Probably as some sort of retaliation on the government for not dealing swiftly enough with both us and the emerging Syndikat threat.

As NATO's ground troops are locked-in in the north-west, they've asked us to help out with the next phase of their surely brilliant plan. It's about the evacuation of strategic key personnel from the main island. We are tasked with getting out a Lieutenant-Colonel Francois Mignard, the Chief National Guardsman of the Tanoan Island Group. Find an image of him executing some poor ching-chong 24 hours ago below. According to intel, he is the highest-ranking pro-western official left on this pissant island. Washington is gambling on putting him into office as the new allied leader of the Horizon Islands once this shitshow is over. Apparently, they figure a couple Thai hookers in a Bangkok safehouse and a suitcase full of capitalism will comvince him to join the dark side or some shit.

Anyway, before we fucked up at the airfield, Mignard and his detachment of guardsmen were stationed around Georgetown. But with CSAT cracking down on the city, they retreated to the jungles north-east. Mignard is believed to hold his position somewhere around Hill 309. CSAT declared that whole area a free fire zone. Anything that moves is subject of fighter planes looking for easy prey. To make it worse, they've comitted ground troops pushing on Hill 309 from the east. Our mission is to get the Lieutenant-Colonel out of the danger zone and then hand him over to a British CTRG unit on one of the northern islands. That would be at Point Brexit. If you've wondering how to get there, a NATO contact hid a few dinghies on the northern beach, at Point Waterloo. You can also try flying him out but with the CSAT air dominance, this might be difficult.

Oh, and being a proper patriot, this fella is probably not keen on leaving the battlefield. Do what you must, but bring him back alive." - Turumai Maru